c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\modernWPF.exe
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\modernWPF.pdb
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\modernWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\About.baml
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Appearance.baml
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.baml
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.baml
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\About.g.cs
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Appearance.g.cs
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.g.cs
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.g.cs
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\modernWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\modernWPF.g.resources
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\modernWPF.exe
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\modernWPF.pdb
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Diaglog\ModernDialog1.baml
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Diaglog\ModernDialog1.g.cs
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\BasicPage1.baml
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\BasicPage1.g.cs
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\ModernWindow1.baml
c:\users\blglab-01-30\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\ModernWindow1.g.cs
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\modernWPF.exe
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\modernWPF.pdb
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\modernWPF.exe
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\modernWPF.pdb
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\modernWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Diaglog\ModernDialog1.baml
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\BasicPage1.baml
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\About.baml
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Appearance.baml
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.baml
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.baml
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Diaglog\ModernDialog1.g.cs
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\BasicPage1.g.cs
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\About.g.cs
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Appearance.g.cs
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.g.cs
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\modernWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\modernWPF.g.resources
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\modernWPF_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\radevutakip.baml
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\randevu.baml
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\uyeguncelle.baml
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\radevutakip.g.cs
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\randevu.g.cs
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Pages\uyeguncelle.g.cs
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Diaglog\hatamsj.baml
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\obj\Debug\Diaglog\hatamsj.g.cs
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.dll
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\MySql.Fabric.Plugin.dll
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\MySql.Web.dll
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\YUSUF\Desktop\modernWPF\modernWPF\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
